"an otherworldly umbrella-wielding vampire hunter on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature."
"a maverick drug-addicted messiah with nothing left to lose."
"a sword-wielding alcoholic filmmaker gone bad."
"a genetically engineered voodoo card sharp with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm."
"an otherworldly bohemian firefighter on a search for his missing sister."
"an immortal sweet-toothed vampire hunter with a winning smile and a way with the ladies."
"an oversexed skateboarding hairdresser with a passion for fast cars."
"a notorious moralistic farmboy with a robot buddy named Sparky."
"an obese shark-wrestling cyborg on the run."
"a war-weary zombie waffle chef from the Mississippi delta."
"a one-legged white trash barbarian on a mission from God."
"a jaded small-town paramedic who hides his scarred face behind a mask."
"a scrappy guerilla waffle chef looking for 'the Big One.'"
"a maverick gay shaman who hides his scarred face behind a mask."
"an immortal voodoo rock star haunted by memories of 'Nam."
"an unconventional crooked cat burglar searching for his wife's true killer."
"an unconventional one-eyed waffle chef on the wrong side of the law."
"a benighted moralistic dog-catcher from the Mississippi delta."
"a maverick pirate cyborg who hides his scarred face behind a mask."
"an oversexed drug-addicted sorceror haunted by memories of 'Nam."
"a hate-fuelled native American househusband with nothing left to lose."
"an immortal ninja gangster looking for 'the Big One.'"
"an impetuous albino rock star who dotes on his loving old ma."
"a time-tossed coffee-fuelled librarian trapped in a world he never made."
"an old-fashioned native American farmboy who hangs with the wrong crowd."
"a deeply religious guerilla assassin haunted by an iconic dead American confidante"
"a fiendish drug-addicted astronaut living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus."
"a lounge-singing Amish master criminal with no name."
"a leather-clad chivalrous rock star with a winning smile and a way with the ladies."
"a maverick native American senator looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins."
"an old-fashioned skateboarding gangster with a passion for fast cars."
"a one-legged hunchbacked dog-catcher haunted by memories of 'Nam."
"a time-tossed arachnophobic gangster in a wheelchair."
"a maverick Republican inventor who hides his scarred face behind a mask."
"a one-legged Republican jungle king with a secret."
"a hate-fuelled flyboy hairdresser on a mission from God."
"an uncontrollable moralistic paramedic who knows the secret of the alien invasion."
"a deeply religious zombie vampire hunter who hides his scarred face behind a mask."
"a superhumanly strong white trash rock star who hides his scarred face behind a mask."
"a notorious alcoholic shaman with a robot buddy named Sparky."
"a maverick Jewish photographer on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature."
"a scarfaced umbrella-wielding jungle king on the edge."
"a fast talking playboy waffle chef in a wheelchair."
"an immortal pirate filmmaker who hangs with the wrong crowd."
"an ungodly devious filmmaker for the 21st century."
"a scarfaced zombie gentleman spy haunted by memories of 'Nam."
"a lonely crooked paranormal investigator in a wheelchair."
"an underprivileged hunchbacked farmboy with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm."
"a lonely umbrella-wielding matador moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble."
"a hate-fuelled soccer-playing cop looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins."
"He's a scarfaced soccer-playing card sharp from a doomed world."
"He's an immortal native American messiah with a secret."
"He's a one-legged small-town waffle chef on a search for his missing sister."
"He's a globe-trotting misogynist sorceror on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature."
"He's a globe-trotting voodoo filmmaker in a wheelchair."
"He's an ungodly small-town master criminal plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder."
"He's a shy amnesiac card sharp on his last day in the job."
"He's a suicidal Jewish dwarf possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect."
"He's a witless neurotic messiah haunted by memories of 'Nam."
"He's an oversexed overambitious househusband "
"He's a hate-fuelled devious romance novelist "
"He's a globe-trotting flyboy vagrant in a wheelchair."
"He's a fast talking guerilla stage actor who dotes on his loving old ma."
"He's a maverick drug-addicted Green Beret who hides his scarred face behind a mask."
"He's an oversexed albino romance novelist on the wrong side of the law."
"He's a Nobel prize-winning white trash cop in a wheelchair."
"He's a gun-slinging sweet-toothed cop from the 'hood."
"He's a world-famous day-dreaming gangster living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus."
"He's a Nobel prize-winning umbrella-wielding cyborg in a wheelchair."
"He's an ungodly pirate senator gone bad."
"He's an obese hunchbacked cop with a secret."
"He's a short-sighted crooked librarian on the wrong side of the law."
"He's a short-sighted small-town shaman possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect."
"He's an ungodly guitar-strumming librarian who must take medication to keep him sane."
"He's a scarfaced Republican senator who dotes on his loving old ma."
"He's a scarfaced overambitious boxer with a passion for fast cars."
"He's a time-tossed day-dreaming paranormal investigator looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins."
"He's an ungodly voodoo assassin on a mission from God."
"He's a maverick devious shaman whom everyone believes is mad."
"He's a suicidal shark-wrestling vampire hunter with nothing left to lose."
"He's a Nobel prize-winning vegetarian jungle king on the run."
"He's an immortal soccer-playing sorceror looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins."
"He's a shy bohemian senator searching for his wife's true killer."
"He's a bookish guitar-strumming photographer from the Mississippi delta."
"He's a maverick dishevelled astronaut gone bad."
"He's a shy alcoholic librarian from the 'hood."
"He's a short-sighted misogynist cyborg looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins."
"He's a fiendish neurotic assassin on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature."
"He's a lonely devious astronaut trapped in a world he never made."
"He's an uncontrollable Republican dog-catcher trapped in a world he never made."
"He's a scarfaced ninja gentleman spy whom everyone believes is mad."
"He's a hate-fuelled arachnophobic paramedic plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder."
"He's a notorious ninja assassin possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect."
"He's a jaded overambitious assassin who knows the secret of the alien invasion."
"He's an underprivileged skateboarding werewolf "
"He's an otherworldly small-town dwarf possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect."
"He's a short-sighted guerilla vagrant haunted by memories of 'Nam."
"He's a scrappy shark-wrestling househusband moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble."
"He's a war-weary crooked card sharp living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus."
"He's an unconventional devious librarian trapped in a world he never made."
"He's a war-weary vegetarian filmmaker on the edge. "
"He's a short-sighted coffee-fuelled astronaut  "
"He's a hate-fuelled pirate stage actor with a robot buddy named Sparky. "
"He's a world-famous bohemian stage actor possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect. "
"He's a suicidal ninja cowboy from the 'hood. "
"He's a superhumanly strong small-town sorceror who believes he can never love again. "
"He's a world-famous dishevelled barbarian looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins. "
"He's a jaded arachnophobic gangster gone bad. "
"He's a maverick guitar-strumming librarian on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature. "
"He's an impetuous albino paranormal investigator living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus. "
"He's a maverick soccer-playing househusband on a search for his missing sister. "
"He's a superhumanly strong pirate vagrant trapped in a world he never made. "
"He's a bookish zombie card sharp living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus. "
"He's a suave soccer-playing paramedic who believes he can never love again. "
"He's a gun-slinging Amish grifter looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins. "
"He's a sword-wielding arachnophobic cyborg who hides his scarred face behind a mask. "
"He's a superhumanly strong flyboy romance novelist in a wheelchair. "
"He's a bookish hunchbacked waffle chef on the edge. "
"He's a bookish small-town sorceror with a winning smile and a way with the ladies. "
"He's an ungodly vegetarian romance novelist who hangs with the wrong crowd. "
"He's a genetically engineered ninja paramedic looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins. "
"He's a sword-wielding albino messiah living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus. "
"He's a suave one-eyed assassin living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus. "
"He's a jaded arachnophobic cowboy with nothing left to lose. "
"He's a suicidal sweet-toothed werewolf searching for his wife's true killer. "
"He's a suicidal moralistic assassin with a secret. "
"He's an old-fashioned playboy grifter plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder. "
"He's an unconventional overambitious librarian with nothing left to lose. "
"He's a world-famous skateboarding hairdresser who must take medication to keep him sane. "
"He's a leather-clad one-eyed filmmaker plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder. "
"He's a sword-wielding zombie jungle king  "
"He's a lonely voodoo firefighter in a wheelchair. "
"He's a lounge-singing small-town Green Beret who knows the secret of the alien invasion. "
"He's an all-American coffee-fuelled assassin for the 21st century. "
"He's a fiendish umbrella-wielding senator on the run. "
"He's a fiendish shark-wrestling gangster who hangs with the wrong crowd. "
"He's an unconventional flyboy card sharp in a wheelchair. "
"He's a short-sighted guitar-strumming romance novelist in drag. "
"He's an unconventional Amish sorceror on a mission from God. "
"He's a hate-fuelled Amish vampire hunter haunted by an iconic dead American confidante "
"He's an uncontrollable voodoo cat burglar on a mission from God. "
"He's a lounge-singing day-dreaming barbarian fleeing from a secret government programme. "
"He's a shy arachnophobic waffle chef who knows the secret of the alien invasion. "
"He's an obese ninja cowboy from a doomed world. "
"He's an underprivileged overambitious stage actor with acid for blood. "
"He's a notorious chivalrous waffle chef on the wrong side of the law. "
"He's a benighted day-dreaming cop for the 21st century. "
"He's a scrappy moralistic ex-con who knows the secret of the alien invasion. "
"He's a short-sighted overambitious librarian gone bad. "
"He's a lounge-singing umbrella-wielding househusband fleeing from a secret government programme. "
"He's a fast talking day-dreaming gentleman spy with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm. "
"He's a scrappy day-dreaming dwarf from the 'hood. "
"He's a witless gay waffle chef who dotes on his loving old ma. "
"He's an obese flyboy inventor who believes he can never love again. "
"He's an old-fashioned day-dreaming werewolf on a mission from God. "
"He's a gun-slinging arachnophobic vagrant on his last day in the job. "
"He's a Nobel prize-winning sweet-toothed vampire hunter on a mission from God. "
"He's an otherworldly flyboy librarian fleeing from a secret government programme. "
"He's an immortal pirate paranormal investigator with a passion for fast cars. "
"He's a notorious Republican librarian with nothing left to lose. "
"He's a scarfaced white trash romance novelist who hangs with the wrong crowd. "
"He's an underprivileged amnesiac ex-con on the wrong side of the law. "
"He's a bookish Jewish werewolf haunted by memories of 'Nam. "
"He's a time-tossed one-eyed boxer with a secret. "
"He's an immortal guitar-strumming assassin fleeing from a secret government programme. "
"He's an obese misogynist barbarian on a mission from God. "
"He's a bookish zombie jungle king trapped in a world he never made. "
"He's a lonely soccer-playing boxer for the 21st century. "
"He's an unconventional dishevelled dwarf on the edge. "
"He's an uncontrollable neurotic dog-catcher who hangs with the wrong crowd. "
"He's a fiendish moralistic hairdresser who must take medication to keep him sane. "
"He's a bookish hunchbacked photographer searching for his wife's true killer. "
"He's a deeply religious devious hairdresser with acid for blood. "
"He's a globe-trotting misogynist vampire hunter on a mission from God. "
"He's an all-American umbrella-wielding dwarf with a winning smile and a way with the ladies. "
"He's a suave Republican filmmaker on a mission from God. "
"He's a hate-fuelled bohemian paranormal investigator on the wrong side of the law. "
"He's an unconventional dishevelled assassin with a passion for fast cars. "
"He's a lonely crooked card sharp from the 'hood. "
"He's an immortal voodoo rock star on the edge. "
"He's a bookish native American romance novelist whom everyone believes is mad. "
"He's a notorious gay househusband with a winning smile and a way with the ladies. "
"He's a leather-clad guerilla matador from the 'hood. "
"He's a lonely vegetarian senator living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus. "
"He's a hate-fuelled umbrella-wielding househusband who hangs with the wrong crowd. "
"He's an all-American Amish househusband who hides his scarred face behind a mask. "
"He's a suave Republican grifter with a passion for fast cars. "
"He's a superhumanly strong small-town paranormal investigator on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature. "
"He's an unconventional umbrella-wielding ex-con gone bad. "
"He's a jaded hunchbacked vagrant from the Mississippi delta. "
"He's a fast talking day-dreaming farmboy looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins. "
"He's an obese misogynist cyborg from a doomed world. "
"He's a superhumanly strong Catholic grifter from the 'hood. "
"He's an underprivileged ninja gangster haunted by memories of 'Nam. "
"He's an otherworldly bohemian dwarf with acid for blood. "
"He's a shy soccer-playing gentleman spy with no name. "
"He's a one-legged Jewish paramedic from the Mississippi delta. "
"He's a maverick drug-addicted paramedic looking for 'the Big One.' "
"He's a fiendish alcoholic shaman fleeing from a secret government programme. "
"He's a leather-clad guitar-strumming romance novelist on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature. "
"1. He's a short-sighted playboy photographer living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus."
"2. He's a bookish drug-addicted farmboy possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect."
"3. He's an all-American moralistic hairdresser who knows the secret of the alien invasion."
"4. He's a genetically engineered alcoholic cat burglar with a secret."
"5. He's a superhumanly strong native American paramedic who believes he can never love again."
"6. He's a scarfaced albino dwarf who dotes on his loving old ma."
"7. He's a witless bohemian Green Beret on the wrong side of the law."
"8. He's a globe-trotting zombie jungle king on the wrong side of the law."
"9. He's an oversexed bohemian Green Beret with nothing left to lose."
"10. He's a world-famous guitar-strumming paramedic fleeing from a secret government programme."
"11. He's a scrappy ninja cowboy haunted by an iconic dead American confidante"
"12. He's an unconventional overambitious paranormal investigator on a mission from God."
"13. He's a maverick moralistic waffle chef fleeing from a secret government programme."
"14. He's a genetically engineered ninja messiah on his last day in the job."
"15. He's an underprivileged moralistic werewolf fleeing from a secret government programme."
"16. He's an impetuous day-dreaming ex-con who knows the secret of the alien invasion."
"17. He's an obese overambitious boxer from the Mississippi delta."
"18. He's an impetuous umbrella-wielding dog-catcher on a search for his missing sister."
"19. He's a scrappy bohemian gangster whom everyone believes is mad."
"20. He's a benighted skateboarding barbarian on a search for his missing sister."
"21. He's a Nobel prize-winning soccer-playing gentleman spy from the 'hood."
"22. He's an otherworldly crooked cat burglar on his last day in the job."
"23. He's a suicidal native American sorceror who must take medication to keep him sane."
"24. He's a scrappy albino hairdresser looking for 'the Big One.'"
"25. He's a benighted arachnophobic vampire hunter on the run."
"26. He's a maverick Jewish waffle chef on the run."
"27. He's a suicidal misogynist master criminal on the edge."
"28. He's an ungodly bohemian vagrant who dotes on his loving old ma."
"29. He's a bookish gay cowboy searching for his wife's true killer."
"30. He's a benighted vegetarian hairdresser from the Mississippi delta."
"31. He's a globe-trotting one-eyed cowboy "
"32. He's an ungodly crooked cat burglar whom everyone believes is mad."
"33. He's an obese sweet-toothed gentleman spy moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble."
"34. He's a fiendish drug-addicted astronaut on his last day in the job."
"35. He's a notorious Republican firefighter who hangs with the wrong crowd."
"36. He's a benighted neurotic shaman who hides his scarred face behind a mask."
"37. He's an immortal soccer-playing messiah with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm."
"38. He's a fiendish gay firefighter living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus."
"39. He's an ungodly ninja ex-con in a wheelchair."
"40. He's a genetically engineered white trash househusband with no name."
"41. He's a hate-fuelled gay photographer from a doomed world."
"42. He's a jaded small-town rock star on his last day in the job."
"43. He's an oversexed small-town assassin with acid for blood."
"44. He's a globe-trotting shark-wrestling househusband "
"45. He's a Nobel prize-winning neurotic cowboy haunted by memories of 'Nam."
"46. He's a jaded vegetarian rock star on a mission from God."
"47. He's a maverick crooked househusband with a robot buddy named Sparky."
"48. He's a scrappy one-eyed gangster from the Mississippi delta."
"49. He's an unconventional devious card sharp who hangs with the wrong crowd."
"50. He's a scrappy soccer-playing senator on the edge."
"He's a scrappy Jewish senator fleeing from a secret government programme."
"He's a benighted zombie inventor with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm."
"He's an oversexed bohemian cowboy with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm."
"He's a time-tossed sweet-toothed vagrant with a robot buddy named Sparky."
"He's a scrappy sweet-toothed senator with a robot buddy named Sparky."
"He's an old-fashioned native American paramedic haunted by memories of 'Nam."
"He's an oversexed Catholic sorceror looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins."
"He's a hate-fuelled skateboarding matador with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm."
"He's a gun-slinging Jewish hairdresser in drag."
"He's a shy native American cowboy trapped in a world he never made."
"He's a maverick pirate Green Beret who knows the secret of the alien invasion."
"He's a lonely dishevelled gangster with a passion for fast cars."
"He's an old-fashioned sweet-toothed gangster haunted by memories of 'Nam."
"He's a war-weary day-dreaming grifter whom everyone believes is mad."
"He's a lounge-singing drug-addicted farmboy searching for his wife's true killer."
"He's an immortal overambitious sorceror with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm."
"He's a gun-slinging guerilla cat burglar trapped in a world he never made."
"He's an oversexed bohemian werewolf possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect."
"He's a lounge-singing Jewish gentleman spy on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature."
"He's an ungodly amnesiac messiah who knows the secret of the alien invasion."
"He's a jaded drug-addicted grifter haunted by memories of 'Nam."
"He's a bookish devious master criminal who hangs with the wrong crowd."
"He's a superhumanly strong guitar-strumming Green Beret trapped in a world he never made."
"He's a scarfaced dishevelled senator with acid for blood."
"He's a gun-slinging overambitious shaman whom everyone believes is mad."
"He's a scarfaced guitar-strumming grifter with acid for blood."
"He's a globe-trotting drug-addicted hairdresser for the 21st century."
"He's a maverick devious filmmaker on the wrong side of the law."
"He's a scrappy misogynist matador with a passion for fast cars."
"He's an immortal Jewish photographer on his last day in the job."
"He's an impetuous devious shaman from a doomed world."
"He's an immortal crooked master criminal on a mission from God."
"He's a leather-clad amnesiac cop on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature."
"He's a suave Republican cowboy looking for 'the Big One.'"
"He's a lounge-singing hunchbacked messiah "
"He's a short-sighted amnesiac firefighter who hangs with the wrong crowd."
"He's an old-fashioned playboy grifter who hangs with the wrong crowd."
"He's a deeply religious Jewish dwarf looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins."
"He's a superhumanly strong zombie rock star on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature."
"He's a war-weary neurotic jungle king on a mission from God."
"He's an uncontrollable playboy househusband gone bad."
"He's a maverick gay Green Beret in a wheelchair."
"He's a one-legged arachnophobic ex-con from the 'hood."
"He's an uncontrollable pirate master criminal in drag."
"He's a superhumanly strong shark-wrestling master criminal in drag."
"He's an all-American devious romance novelist from the 'hood."
"He's a leather-clad guerilla barbarian with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm."
"He's an underprivileged misogynist werewolf on a mission from God."
"He's a maverick small-town vagrant who knows the secret of the alien invasion."
"He's a globe-trotting dishevelled ex-con on his last day in the job."
"He's a fast talking overambitious astronaut haunted by an iconic dead American confidante."
"He's an immortal devious hairdresser on a search for his missing sister."
"He's a one-legged devious paranormal investigator plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder."
"He's a hate-fuelled small-town farmboy searching for his wife's true killer."
"He's a suave Amish barbarian who hides his scarred face behind a mask."
"He's an oversexed gay stage actor in drag."
"He's an old-fashioned Amish firefighter from the 'hood."
"He's a jaded drug-addicted dog-catcher in drag."
"He's a lounge-singing ninja farmboy."
"He's a benighted drug-addicted messiah plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder."
"He's a scarfaced hunchbacked shaman in a wheelchair."
"He's a suicidal coffee-fuelled assassin from the Mississippi delta."
"He's a gun-slinging playboy messiah haunted by memories of 'Nam."
"He's an immortal flyboy grifter who dotes on his loving old ma."
"He's a bookish amnesiac matador on a mission from God."
"He's a fast talking chivalrous dwarf trapped in a world he never made."
"He's an all-American ninja hairdresser moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble."
"He's an otherworldly coffee-fuelled card sharp who hides his scarred face behind a mask."
"He's a scarfaced drug-addicted matador with a passion for fast cars."
"He's a fast talking dishevelled paramedic searching for his wife's true killer."
"He's a benighted amnesiac werewolf with a passion for fast cars."
"He's a gun-slinging alcoholic grifter with no name."
"He's a superhumanly strong pirate assassin on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature."
"He's a world-famous misogynist paramedic with acid for blood."
"He's a scrappy skateboarding werewolf haunted by memories of 'Nam."
"He's an underprivileged Jewish paramedic haunted by memories of 'Nam."
"He's an immortal native American librarian with nothing left to lose."
"He's an all-American amnesiac firefighter with nothing left to lose."
"He's an obese Catholic farmboy with a secret."
"He's a jaded albino firefighter on a search for his missing sister."
"He's an underprivileged chivalrous Green Beret in drag."
"He's a gun-slinging ninja filmmaker."
"He's a fiendish voodoo rock star from a doomed world."
"He's a war-weary hunchbacked messiah in drag."
"He's a fiendish flyboy cat burglar with a robot buddy named Sparky."
"He's an uncontrollable coffee-fuelled barbarian on his last day in the job."
"He's an all-American overambitious grifter from the Mississippi delta."
"He's a short-sighted Republican photographer whom everyone believes is mad."
"He's a scarfaced small-town paramedic in a wheelchair."
"He's a Nobel prize-winning overambitious househusband with no name."
"He's an underprivileged albino ex-con who believes he can never love again."
"He's an old-fashioned chivalrous romance novelist with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm."
"He's a scrappy Jewish master criminal fleeing from a secret government programme."
"He's a fiendish umbrella-wielding farmboy possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect."
"He's a superhumanly strong dishevelled jungle king in drag."
"He's a globe-trotting guitar-strumming werewolf with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm."
"He's an impetuous gay dog-catcher searching for his wife's true killer."
"He's an unconventional Republican dog-catcher who must take medication to keep him sane."
"He's an otherworldly hunchbacked astronaut from a doomed world."
"He's an otherworldly albino gangster who hangs with the wrong crowd."
"He's a leather-clad gay vampire hunter on the run."
"He's a bookish Republican dog-catcher searching for his wife's true killer."
"He's a jaded day-dreaming farmboy who must take medication to keep him sane."
"He's a fast talking hunchbacked photographer for the 21st century."
"He's a scrappy Catholic card sharp with no name."
"He's a scrappy skateboarding vagrant in a wheelchair."
"He's a suicidal vegetarian inventor living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus."
"He's a Nobel prize-winning umbrella-wielding sorceror plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder."
"He's a leather-clad umbrella-wielding rock star trapped in a world he never made."
"He's an impetuous coffee-fuelled rock star on a mission from God."
"He's a maverick vegetarian rock star from a doomed world."
"He's an obese hunchbacked hairdresser with acid for blood."
"He's an oversexed dishevelled vagrant for the 21st century."
"He's a world-famous Jewish firefighter who hides his scarred face behind a mask."
"He's an oversexed one-eyed filmmaker with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm."
"He's a superhumanly strong flyboy firefighter gone bad."
"He's an unconventional amnesiac farmboy with acid for blood."
"He's a notorious Jewish dog-catcher who knows the secret of the alien invasion."
"He's a gun-slinging neurotic vagrant who must take medication to keep him sane."
"He's a world-famous crooked grifter with a winning smile and a way with the ladies."
"He's an ungodly pirate cop with nothing left to lose."
"He's an obese albino farmboy plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder."
"He's a lounge-singing Jewish cowboy from a doomed world."
"He's a superhumanly strong moralistic stage actor on the wrong side of the law."
"He's a globe-trotting Amish romance novelist from a doomed world."
"He's a witless coffee-fuelled farmboy who believes he can never love again."
"He's an old-fashioned amnesiac cop on his last day in the job."
"He's a suicidal white trash househusband on a search for his missing sister."
"He's a bookish devious senator on the run."
"He's an all-American zombie master criminal with a robot buddy named Sparky."
"He's a jaded crooked filmmaker haunted by memories of 'Nam."
"He's an uncontrollable crooked photographer on the run."
"He's a scrappy drug-addicted photographer whom everyone believes is mad."
"He's an immortal amnesiac vampire hunter with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm."
"He's a war-weary alcoholic inventor who must take medication to keep him sane."
"He's an old-fashioned shark-wrestling hairdresser who hides his scarred face behind a mask."
"He's a hate-fuelled flyboy romance novelist possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect."
"He's a deeply religious crooked Green Beret looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins."
"He's a time-tossed moralistic dwarf with a robot buddy named Sparky."
"He's a scrappy shark-wrestling werewolf moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble."
"He's an impetuous skateboarding paranormal investigator possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect."
"He's a shy drug-addicted filmmaker who believes he can never love again."
"He's a genetically engineered guitar-strumming shaman living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus."
"He's an underprivileged overambitious househusband from the Mississippi delta."
"He's an uncontrollable sweet-toothed assassin moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble."
"He's a jaded guitar-strumming Green Beret from a doomed world."
"He's a leather-clad soccer-playing senator who believes he can never love again."
"He's an otherworldly albino dog-catcher who must take medication to keep him sane."
"He's a time-tossed misogynist stage actor with nothing left to lose."
"He's a jaded playboy gangster whom everyone believes is mad."
"He's a superhumanly strong devious photographer with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm"
"He's a lounge-singing drug-addicted grifter who hangs with the wrong crowd"
"He's a fiendish pirate stage actor with a passion for fast cars"
"He's an old-fashioned vegetarian jungle king plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder"
"He's an immortal gay hairdresser haunted by memories of 'Nam"
"He's a benighted chivalrous househusband from the 'hood"
"He's a time-tossed chivalrous messiah on a search for his missing sister"
"He's a benighted alcoholic boxer with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm"
"He's an all-American soccer-playing master criminal trapped in a world he never made"
"He's an obese Catholic barbarian with a passion for fast cars"
"He's a benighted sweet-toothed gangster searching for his wife's true killer"
"He's a maverick gay hairdresser fleeing from a secret government programme"
"He's a Nobel prize-winning chivalrous photographer in drag"
"He's a Nobel prize-winning playboy assassin with a winning smile and a way with the ladies"
"He's a genetically engineered moralistic rock star who hangs with the wrong crowd"
"He's a leather-clad sweet-toothed master criminal on the edge"
"He's an oversexed small-town vagrant with a winning smile and a way with the ladies"
"He's a witless neurotic cop on a mission from God"
"He's a hate-fuelled white trash cyborg with a winning smile and a way with the ladies"
"He's an oversexed chivalrous firefighter on a mission from God"
"He's a deeply religious alcoholic gangster from the Mississippi delta"
"He's a globe-trotting albino firefighter moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble"
"He's an ungodly devious sorceror with a passion for fast cars"
"He's a benighted flyboy werewolf on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature"
"He's a witless bohemian jungle king with acid for blood"
"He's a suicidal Catholic sorceror on a search for his missing sister"
"He's a scrappy drug-addicted paramedic who hides his scarred face behind a mask"
"He's a maverick shark-wrestling paramedic with a passion for fast cars"
"He's a hate-fuelled Catholic gentleman spy possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect"
"He's a maverick neurotic hairdresser possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect"
"He's an oversexed crooked Green Beret gone bad"
"He's a one-legged crooked dog-catcher fleeing from a secret government programme"
"He's an obese amnesiac boxer on the wrong side of the law"
"He's a witless one-eyed master criminal on the edge"
"He's a jaded shark-wrestling rock star from the Mississippi delta"
"He's an oversexed arachnophobic dwarf on the run"
"He's a witless small-town werewolf looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins"
"He's an ungodly voodoo senator on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature"
"He's a globe-trotting alcoholic shaman for the 21st century"
"He's a globe-trotting drug-addicted messiah on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature"
"He's an oversexed moralistic shaman on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature"
"He's a fast talking guerilla master criminal in a wheelchair"
"He's a one-legged zombie gangster with a winning smile and a way with the ladies"
"He's a time-tossed arachnophobic librarian who knows the secret of the alien invasion"
"He's a maverick guerilla farmboy moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble"
"He's an ungodly zombie werewolf who hangs with the wrong crowd"
"He's a suave Republican messiah who hangs with the wrong crowd"
"He's a leather-clad ninja cop on a search for his missing sister"
"He's an uncontrollable ninja barbarian with a winning smile and a way with the ladies"
"He's an oversexed drug-addicted master criminal who must take medication to keep him sane"
" a one-legged sweet-toothed librarian with acid for blood."
" a hate-fuelled crooked hairdresser in drag."
" a one-legged shark-wrestling grifter whom everyone believes is mad."
" an immortal zombie stage actor with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm."
" a Nobel prize-winning Republican firefighter from a doomed world."
" a scarfaced hunchbacked gangster who believes he can never love again."
" a fiendish Amish cowboy with a passion for fast cars."
" an ungodly one-eyed paramedic fleeing from a secret government programme."
" an ungodly ninja stage actor fleeing from a secret government programme."
" a suave zombie vagrant possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect."
" a Nobel prize-winning flyboy filmmaker who believes he can never love again."
" a maverick playboy rock star for the 21st century."
" a globe-trotting alcoholic cowboy with nothing left to lose."
" a fiendish albino cowboy haunted by an iconic dead American confidante"
" a fast talking neurotic sorceror who knows the secret of the alien invasion."
" an old-fashioned misogynist werewolf with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm."
" a notorious alcoholic paramedic on his last day in the job."
" an underprivileged neurotic farmboy on his last day in the job."
" a deeply religious native American farmboy on the edge."
" a one-legged zombie cowboy who hangs with the wrong crowd."
" a lounge-singing one-eyed rock star trapped in a world he never made."
" an oversexed small-town astronaut trapped in a world he never made."
" a fiendish guitar-strumming card sharp fleeing from a secret government programme."
" a maverick arachnophobic househusband moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble."
" a suicidal amnesiac werewolf who hides his scarred face behind a mask."
" a lonely neurotic dwarf fleeing from a secret government programme."
" a bookish native American cat burglar on a search for his missing sister."
" a fast talking white trash househusband from a doomed world."
" a lonely crooked cat burglar searching for his wife\'s true killer."
" an impetuous crooked firefighter from a doomed world."
" a Nobel prize-winning moralistic boxer trapped in a world he never made."
" a war-weary Jewish dog-catcher looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins."
" a jaded crooked inventor gone bad."
" a notorious playboy shaman on the run."
" a short-sighted voodoo card sharp with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm."
" a fiendish moralistic cat burglar fleeing from a secret government programme."
" a fiendish crooked dog-catcher on his last day in the job."
" an immortal pirate shaman looking for \'the Big One.\'"
" a Nobel prize-winning pirate werewolf with acid for blood."
" an underprivileged one-eyed sorceror with a passion for fast cars."
" an obese chivalrous cop searching for his wife\'s true killer."
" a benighted guitar-strumming filmmaker possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect."
" an ungodly vegetarian shaman haunted by memories of \'Nam."
" a scarfaced small-town romance novelist with a passion for fast cars."
" a leather-clad zombie ex-con who knows the secret of the alien invasion."
" a shy neurotic cowboy with a secret."
" a scarfaced native American astronaut "
" an otherworldly day-dreaming card sharp with a winning smile and a way with the ladies."
" a globe-trotting coffee-fuelled farmboy from a doomed world."
" an otherworldly hunchbacked dwarf living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus."
"He's a suicidal ninja master criminal moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble"
"He's a maverick crooked ex-con possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect"
"He's an impetuous arachnophobic househusband who believes he can never love again"
"He's a fast talking flyboy master criminal on the edge"
"He's an underprivileged playboy grifter living undercover at Ringling Bros"
"He's a bookish crooked hairdresser from the 'hood"
"He's an immortal Catholic farmboy with a secret"
"He's a one-legged bohemian househusband on the edge"
"He's an old-fashioned Republican senator from the Mississippi delta"
"He's a genetically engineered amnesiac hairdresser in drag"
"He's an all-American hunchbacked ex-con on a mission from God"
"He's a globe-trotting Republican vampire hunter with nothing left to lose"
"He's a fast talking playboy master criminal who dotes on his loving old ma"
"He's a gun-slinging native American filmmaker with acid for blood"
"He's a short-sighted albino gentleman spy possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect"
"He's a deeply religious amnesiac boxer who hides his scarred face behind a mask"
"He's a superhumanly strong skateboarding rock star moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble"
"He's an otherworldly ninja firefighter who hides his scarred face behind a mask"
"He's a maverick guerilla cat burglar on a search for his missing sister"
"He's a fiendish Jewish Green Beret on a mission from God"
"He's a fast talking Jewish stage actor with a passion for fast cars"
"He's a benighted guitar-strumming sorceror on the edge"
"He's a shy moralistic dog-catcher who believes he can never love again"
"He's a globe-trotting bohemian Green Beret from the Mississippi delta"
"He's a notorious flyboy cyborg who believes he can never love again"
"He's a suicidal guitar-strumming waffle chef haunted by memories of 'Nam"
"He's a world-famous Catholic vampire hunter who hides his scarred face behind a mask"
"He's a scrappy devious vampire hunter haunted by memories of 'Nam"
"He's a scarfaced pirate paranormal investigator from a doomed world"
"He's a deeply religious Jewish cyborg haunted by an iconic dead American confidante She's a plucky red-headed single mother married to the Mob"
"He's an underprivileged amnesiac cyborg from the 'hood"
"He's a lonely flyboy boxer looking for 'the Big One"
"He's a globe-trotting Amish househusband haunted by an iconic dead American confidante She's an orphaned nymphomaniac schoolgirl trying to make a difference in a man's world"
"He's an unconventional sweet-toothed photographer with no name"
"He's a globe-trotting neurotic gangster from the Mississippi delta"
"He's a globe-trotting one-eyed filmmaker looking for 'the Big One"
"He's a sword-wielding white trash rock star who hangs with the wrong crowd"
"He's an otherworldly umbrella-wielding assassin on the edge"
"He's a fiendish overambitious stage actor who must take medication to keep him sane"
"He's a suave Republican grifter with a passion for fast cars"
"He's a short-sighted pirate waffle chef with a secret"
"He's an obese amnesiac househusband for the 21st century"
"He's a fast talking alcoholic romance novelist with acid for blood"
"He's a shy small-town dog-catcher haunted by memories of 'Nam"
"He's a jaded zombie waffle chef with a winning smile and a way with the ladies"
"He's a lounge-singing amnesiac barbarian from a doomed world"
"He's a globe-trotting guitar-strumming paramedic who dotes on his loving old ma"
"He's a one-legged Amish barbarian haunted by an iconic dead American confidante She's a supernatural renegade cab driver who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles"
"He's a witless neurotic card sharp in drag"
"He's a fast talking alcoholic waffle chef with acid for blood"
"He's a short-sighted day-dreaming photographer for the 21st century. "
"He's a jaded gay cat burglar from the Mississippi delta. "
"He's a short-sighted ninja jungle king on a search for his missing sister. "
"He's an otherworldly albino gangster who must take medication to keep him sane. "
"He's a lounge-singing skateboarding boxer fleeing from a secret government programme. "
"He's a Nobel prize-winning arachnophobic gangster in a wheelchair. "
"He's an impetuous misogynist card sharp on the run. "
"He's a jaded hunchbacked assassin from the Mississippi delta. "
"He's a hate-fuelled voodoo paramedic in drag. "
"He's a gun-slinging pirate photographer from a doomed world. "
"He's a bookish neurotic matador on the run. "
"He's an ungodly day-dreaming ex-con from the 'hood. "
"He's an unconventional drug-addicted messiah who hides his scarred face behind a mask. "
"He's a leather-clad native American waffle chef with a passion for fast cars. "
"He's a jaded chivalrous vampire hunter gone bad. "
"He's a lounge-singing flyboy cowboy on a mission from God. "
"He's a hate-fuelled skateboarding firefighter looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins. "
"He's an immortal sweet-toothed photographer with a secret. "
"He's a war-weary flyboy ex-con whom everyone believes is mad. "
"He's a superhumanly strong sweet-toothed rock star looking for 'the Big One.' "
"He's an immortal coffee-fuelled Green Beret with a secret. "
"He's a short-sighted guerilla vampire hunter from the Mississippi delta. "
"He's an unconventional sweet-toothed paranormal investigator plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder. "
"He's a bookish white trash stage actor whom everyone believes is mad. "
"He's a bookish small-town househusband with a passion for fast cars. "
"He's a shy white trash Green Beret plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder. "
"He's an obese zombie shaman with nothing left to lose. "
"He's a short-sighted zombie shaman for the 21st century. "
"He's an ungodly sweet-toothed househusband possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect. "
"He's a fiendish one-eyed photographer possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect. "
"He's an otherworldly devious househusband with a winning smile and a way with the ladies. "
"He's a leather-clad dishevelled paramedic with a secret. "
"He's a shy playboy vampire hunter from a doomed world. "
"He's a deeply religious bohemian stage actor who knows the secret of the alien invasion. "
"He's a time-tossed devious astronaut on the run. "
"He's a gun-slinging flyboy firefighter on a search for his missing sister. "
"He's an old-fashioned moralistic assassin from the Mississippi delta. "
"He's an obese Republican farmboy with acid for blood. "
"He's an uncontrollable dishevelled cowboy looking for 'the Big One.' "
"He's a leather-clad day-dreaming Green Beret living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus. "
"He's an unconventional moralistic vagrant with no name. "
"He's a witless Republican shaman on his last day in the job. "
"He's a shy alcoholic gangster moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble. "
"He's an ungodly guitar-strumming barbarian who hides his scarred face behind a mask. "
"He's a short-sighted ninja werewolf on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature. "
"He's a time-tossed guerilla vampire hunter with no name. "
"He's a war-weary Catholic cat burglar moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble. "
"He's an obese ninja dog-catcher haunted by memories of 'Nam. "
"He's a Nobel prize-winning Republican senator haunted by an iconic dead American confidante "
"He's a benighted native American paranormal investigator with a secret. "
"He's a benighted arachnophobic inventor in drag."
"He's a one-legged alcoholic librarian in drag."
"He's a hate-fuelled Amish matador in a wheelchair."
"He's a fast talking amnesiac firefighter from a doomed world."
"He's an uncontrollable neurotic inventor searching for his wife's true killer."
"He's a lounge-singing umbrella-wielding cop who hangs with the wrong crowd."
"He's an impetuous Amish grifter with a robot buddy named Sparky."
"He's a globe-trotting native American paranormal investigator on the run."
"He's a scrappy zombie assassin possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect."
"He's a leather-clad white trash card sharp haunted by memories of 'Nam."
"He's a bookish drug-addicted card sharp searching for his wife's true killer."
"He's a witless one-eyed sorceror trapped in a world he never made."
"He's a gun-slinging zombie assassin on a search for his missing sister."
"He's an immortal umbrella-wielding master criminal searching for his wife's true killer."
"He's a hate-fuelled soccer-playing cop who hides his scarred face behind a mask."
"He's an all-American one-eyed dog-catcher who knows the secret of the alien invasion."
"He's a fast talking misogynist dwarf with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm."
"He's a time-tossed drug-addicted senator whom everyone believes is mad."
"He's a notorious native American hairdresser on the run."
"He's a Nobel prize-winning Catholic Green Beret with no name."
"He's a time-tossed crooked cat burglar looking for 'the Big One.'"
"He's a superhumanly strong Jewish cyborg on his last day in the job."
"He's a witless white trash matador who hangs with the wrong crowd."
"He's a genetically engineered gay ex-con with a winning smile and a way with the ladies."
"He's an oversexed zombie waffle chef on the wrong side of the law."
"He's an immortal bohemian dwarf who believes he can never love again."
"He's an unconventional sweet-toothed jungle king who hides his scarred face behind a mask."
"He's an oversexed hunchbacked sorceror who hides his scarred face behind a mask."
"He's a war-weary bohemian cat burglar with a passion for fast cars."
"He's a time-tossed sweet-toothed master criminal who believes he can never love again."
"He's a suicidal chivalrous dog-catcher in drag."
"He's a short-sighted flyboy messiah on the wrong side of the law."
"He's a short-sighted neurotic dog-catcher with a winning smile and a way with the ladies."
"He's an oversexed vegetarian stage actor from a doomed world."
"He's an obese small-town ex-con haunted by memories of 'Nam."
"He's an ungodly skateboarding paranormal investigator with a passion for fast cars."
"He's a hate-fuelled day-dreaming photographer in a wheelchair."
"He's an uncontrollable native American astronaut from a doomed world."
"He's an obese chivalrous cat burglar with a robot buddy named Sparky."
"He's an uncontrollable umbrella-wielding matador looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins."
"He's a time-tossed ninja stage actor who believes he can never love again."
"He's a bookish moralistic paranormal investigator on his last day in the job."
"He's a jaded guitar-strumming inventor who dotes on his loving old ma."
"He's an uncontrollable moralistic jungle king living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus."
"He's a leather-clad shark-wrestling astronaut whom everyone believes is mad."
"He's a notorious voodoo grifter with a secret."
"He's an uncontrollable hunchbacked grifter on his last day in the job."
"He's an immortal dishevelled barbarian from the 'hood."
"He's an old-fashioned amnesiac hairdresser with a passion for fast cars."
"He's a hate-fuelled Catholic messiah plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder."
